AST-3219 - Fix:Quantity plus/minus buttons change event not working on AJAX add to cart buttons. (#5184)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

- Fix: Header Builder - Menu - Item Divider doesn't work on the last submenu item.
- Fix: Author Link not working on layout 2 for single post title.
- Fix: Fatal error: Uncaught TypeError: Unsupported operand types: On frontend and customizer.

> - Fix: WooCommerce - Quantity Field on Shop Page plugin is not working with Astra AJAX.

Reviewer: Shop Page plugin ? , 
```suggestion
- Fix: WooCommerce - Quantity not updating properly when ajax add to cart is used on shop page.
```

Author: Updated.
